Docstring + sources for generated Rust code (#5945)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Grammar.md

In Dafny programs.
* Documentation comments (a) either begin with `/**` or (b) begin with `//` or /*` in specific locations
* Documentation comments may be associated with any declaration, including type definitions, export declarations, and datatype constructors.
* They may be placed before the declaration, between the declaration and the definition or after the definition. The priority of these comments is the following:
   * If there is a comment starting with `/**` right before the definition, it's the documentation comment.

>    * Otherwise, if one or more comments are between a declaration and the definition (which is not usual in other programming languages), whether it begins with `//` or `/**` or `/*`, they are considered as the documentation comment, as there is no other reason a comment would be at this place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Otherwise, if one or more comments are between a declaration and the definition (which is not usual in other programming languages), if it begins with `//` or `/**` or `/*`, they are considered as the documentation comment, as there is no other reason a comment would be at this place.
```

Author: Actually, I would prefer to keep "whether" and use plural because it refers to one or more comments, and all comments start at least with one of the given tokens.

>    * Otherwise, if one or more comments are between a declaration and the definition (which is not usual in other programming languages), whether it begins with `//` or `/**` or `/*`, they are considered as the documentation comment, as there is no other reason a comment would be at this place.

Author: ```suggestion
   * Otherwise, if one or more comments appear between a declaration and its definition — which is uncommon in other programming languages — they are treated as documentation comments, regardless of whether they start with //, /**, or /*. This is because there is no other plausible reason for a comment to be placed in this position.
```

   * Otherwise, if there is a single comment starting with `//` or `/**` or `/*` at the end of the definition, it's the documentation comment. In this case, multi-line documentation comments must be starting with `/*`

> * The extraction of the doc-string from a documentation comment follow these rules 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The extraction of the doc-string from a documentation comment follows the following rules 
```
